[EN/ZH] Update drafting results & Regular Stage 1 schedule for `GBC 2022 Autumn` (#8258)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/GBC/GBC_2022_Autumn/en.md

> | # | Teams | Members |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| # | Team | Members |
```

> | --: | :-: | :-- |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| :-: | :-- | :-- |
```

   - If a rematch happens, the original roster for each team during that particular beatmap must remain the same. If that is not possible, e.g. by virtue of a technical issue, *both* teams will be allowed to swap rosters.
   - This rule should not to be abused. Referees may veto a rematch request if they find that this is the case.
8. Disconnects within 30 seconds or 25% of the beatmap length (whichever happens first) can be rematched, at the referee's discretion, as long as it is clearly communicated in the chatroom.

>    - Each player could only request to rematch **one beatmap** in a match with this rule. This rule should not be abused, referee has right to deny the request if he think it is abused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Each player may only request to rematch **one beatmap** in a match with this rule. This rule should not be abused; the referee has the right to deny the request at their own discretion.
```
